I'm sorry. I'm not well.
I'm late, I hope my in-laws and in-laws suffer
I said in-law, you are here
You failed son
You almost pissed me off.
What's wrong with him?
See for yourself?
We are a big family marriage
He actually called a group of migrant workers
Shame on both of us
Aoxue just now
Are you still arguing with him about this?
Hey, the family is not celebrating
How could such an unsatisfactory thing be born?
There is no turning back in life
Or put the gun back when he's born
Li Sihan, are you speaking human language?
You made things happen through the Zhao family
The Zhao family shows weakness
You just kick me to learn from this fox
You bully me
You kicked your own son out of the house
Say that to him
I'll never finish with you like this again
Who are you talking about?
Believe it or not, I'll slap you
Whoever dares to touch my mother, I will let him die
Don't make me kill people today
How ridiculous! Who do you think you are?
Look at this tone of voice talking to me
You don't know that now my son is the heir to the Li family
Yaer, hurry up and call someone to hammer him for me
Help your mom out of this breath
Mom, don't be angry.
You are a person of status and status
The mother of the heir to the Li family
Brother is just a migrant worker
What are you really comparing with him?
Did you see it?
My son will have qualities
What are you?
Okay, okay.
Sister-in-law Aoxue
The wedding should start, let's start
Dear guests
All are welcome to attend
The wedding of Mr. Li Wushuang and Miss Tang Aoxue
Miss Tang, do you have anything to say?
Excuse me?
The host just said it wrong.
Today's groom is not Mr. Li Wusheng
But his younger brother Li Jia, second young master Li Dongjie